tools, media: update binlog's config file (#1053)
pingcap/docs: tools/tidb-binlog-cluster.md

    
        # the address of the PD cluster nodes
        pd-urls = "http://192.168.0.16:2379,http://192.168.0.15:2379,http://192.168.0.14:2379"

        # [storage]

>         # Set to true (by default) to ensure reliability and ensure binlog data is flushed to the disk

Reviewer: change `and` to `by`? because it is not coordinating relation between `ensure reliability` and `ensure binlog data is flushed to the disk` , but `ensure binlog data is flushed to the disk` => `ensure reliability`

>         # Set to true (by default) to ensure reliability and ensure binlog data is flushed to the disk

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # Set to true (by default) to guarantee reliability by ensuring binlog data is flushed to the disk
```

        # zookeeper-addrs = "127.0.0.1:2181"
        # kafka-addrs = "127.0.0.1:9092"
        # kafka-version = "0.8.2.0"

        # Save the Kafka cluster'topic name of the binlog data. The default value is <cluster-id>_obinlog

>         # If you run multiple Drainer synchronization data to the same Kafka cluster, each Drainer's topic-name needs to be different.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        # To run multiple Drainers to replicate data to the same Kafka cluster, you need to set different `topic-name`s for each Drainer.
```
